              Content License 

We are pleased to license the Golf Skin Calculator 
documentation and sample code under terms that 
encourage you to take, modify, reuse, re-purpose, 
and remix the content as you see fit. Except as 
noted in the Restrictions section below, you are 
free to use the documentation content in your own 
creations. For example, you could create a record 
for a Golf Outing, Insure Accurate Scoring, Record 
the Golf Score for Customer Relations, or even 
Compare Scores Effectively. 

                 Restrictions

     • While the documentation itself is available 
      to you, proprietary trademarks and brand 
      features are not included in that license.
     • The use of sample source code provided in 
      Github or shown in this documentation is 
      subject to the conditions detailed in the 
      MIT License. 

                 Attribution 

Proper attribution is required when you reuse or 
create modified versions of content that appears 
on a page made available under the terms of the 
MIT license 

              Exact Reproductions 

If your online work exactly reproduces text or 
images from this Program, in whole or in part, 
please include a paragraph at the bottom of your 
page that reads: 

Portions of this page are reproduced from work 
created and shared by Github and used according 
to terms described in the MIT License. 

Also, please link back to the original source 
page so that readers can refer there for more 
information. 

               Modified Versions 

If your online work shows modified text or 
images based on the content from this Program, 
please include a paragraph at the bottom of your 
page that reads: 

Portions of this page are modifications based on 
work created and shared by Guthub and used 
according to terms described in the MIT License. 

Again, please link back to the original source 
page so that readers can refer there for more 
information. This is even more important when 
the content has been modified. 

                Other Media 

If you produce non-hypertext works, such as 
books, audio, or video, we ask that you make 
a best effort to include a spoken or written 
attribution in the spirit of the messages above.
